[docs] More info about `testSearchQuery` (#1522)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/synthetics/README.md

Pass a query to select which Synthetic tests to run.

> The syntax for this query is the same as the one used in the [Synthetics tests list page's search bar](https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for this query is the same as that used in the [Synthetics tests list page's search bar][14].
```

Reviewer: In addition to the above, could you please add the `[14]` reference link on line `1042` as below?
`[14]: https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/tests`

I'm unable to make a suggestion on that part of the file.

Author: @buraizu thanks for the review 🙇

You can craft the query in the UI, then copy and paste it in your command line inside single quotes.

> Example of query with a facet, a `value` tag and a `<KEY>:<VALUE>` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example query with a facet, a `value` tag, and a `<KEY>:<VALUE>` tag:
```
